chore: add DpDateRangePicker to Storybook. (#524)
demos-europe/demosplan-ui: src/components/DpDateRangePicker/DpDateRangePicker.stories.mdx

import { Meta } from '@storybook/addon-docs'
import DpDateRangePicker from './'

<Meta
    title="Components/DateRangePicker"
    component={DpDateRangePicker}
/>

# DateRangePicker

The DateRangePicker component allows users to enter two dates within a given range either by typing

> or by selecting a date from the calendar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or by selecting two dates from the calendar.
```

> Use the date range picker when you want to provide a view that allows the user to select two different calendar dates.

Reviewer: While i initially brought up the need to express the "When to use", i feel that this is redundant with the first sentence...

Author: Done in https://github.com/demos-europe/demosplan-ui/pull/524/commits/4414ba27a3d77bf0ef3abb7e6c77cfd712ea8951
